Here I want to show you a really powerful tool
for web development that all happens on the command line.
Now, I'm working on the terminal training website
and this is the local copy, you can
see up here localhost port 3000.
And I'm working on the twitter card,
and I'm not that super familiar, I'm basically
copying and pasting my way through the twitter card,
and when I got off the twitter validator,
the twitter card validator, it needs a public URL
to access when it validates the card.
So when I put the card URL, if I copy localhost:3000,
it won't work because the twitter card validator
can't reach my server, because it's localhost.
So, before, really, the only way I could get this to work
was to publish it online somewhere and actually
test if the twitter card works, and if it didn't,
I would then need to make another change,
re-release and repeat over and over again.
And this is where ngrok comes in,
and solves this problem completely for me.
So, ngrok is over here, ngrok.com.
It's free to use, you have to sign up
and get an auth token, it's pretty straightforward
once you have the copy and paste commands.
You go ahead and download it, you'll get a zip file,
and you'll unzip the file into
whatever directory you put it.
Now I have I moved my copy into my home directory/bin/ngrok.
You could put it into /usr/local/bin, that would work
as well, so that you could just type ngrok, like that.
Or you can run it from the current working directory
as this example does, and then once you've done that,
you'll need to auth, and once you've signed in,
the dashboard, once you're logged in
to ngrok, shows you your token
and how to complete your authentication.
So, you've downloaded it, you've done the auth process,
the next thing to do is to create a tunnel,
and what ngrok will do is, it will tunnel
whatever port you want, and in this case,
3000 for me, and create a public URL for it,
both an http URL and an https URL.
So I'm gonna do that now, ngrok, I tell it http
'cause that's the protocol I need to go over,
and then 3000, that's the port that I have my localhost on.
So when I kick it off, there's a bit of information here,
first of all, I'm on a free plan, which means
I can only have one tunnel per region.
Now like I say, the region that it's using
is the States, the U.S., so it means,
I'm based in the U.K., so if I had an E.U. tunnel,
it might be a little bit faster,
the latency might be a little bit lower,
but it doesn't really matter for this example.
The web interface that you'll come onto in a moment,
and here are the two public-facing URLs.
Now whenever I run ngrok, because I have a free account,
it just creates random, generates it, URL for me,
if I had upgraded to the $5 a month, I could specify
and I could have, like, remy.ngrok, io, and so on.
So now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna grab
this https URL, and I go back to
the twitter card validator, and I'm gonna
stick it into the card URL, and preview the card.
Now when I run it, it's grabbed the metadata from
my offline copy of my website, but the image is missing.
If I look at the twitter image here, it's a relative URL,
maybe it needs an absolute URL, so I'm gonna paste in
the ngrok URL for the time being, and this just saves me
kind of releasing it and tweaking it and so on,
when I actually come to release it,
I'll use the real terminal.training URL.
But I'm just gonna hit save here,
this is the same as opening devtools,
uh, sorry, sublime, and making a change,
don't worry about the magic that's going on here.
I'm literally just going to go off to the card validator.
I'm just gonna cachebox this, I'm just gonna
stick ?1, because the card validator
caches the response, so it doesn't have to keep
going off the server all the time, hit preview,
and now the image loads, so it turns out
I just had a bug there, but what ngrok saved me from doing
is constantly releasing to try and get
a single change being seen on a real URL.
So you go back to the terminal here,
I still want to show you the web interface.
I'm just gonna open it up, I'm holding it down
Command with iTerm, and it'll make it clickable,
and when I open up the web inspector,
I can actually see all the requests that came
through ngrok, so I can see, there were four requests.
I had a robots request which you can see that came
from this twitterbot, I've had two http requests,
I'm not sure why there were two.
Oh, that was the first one, sorry,
and this was the second one with the
query parameter of one, we can see that.
We can see all the headers that were sent,
the raw request itself, as you can see,
GET just up here, GET /?1, and then this is
the next request where we can see the images being served.
And I can use this as well for dynamic content,
things like web hooks, if I have a server locally,
I can run ngrok and point another service
to my local machine, and if a web hook hits my ngrok URL,
the entire payload comes through here,
and I can see the summary of the data that came in,
here we can see the query parameter,
we can see POST body data,
and really, really useful is this Replay button.
What this does is just completely re-request
the entire thing, so again, if I had a web hook,
and I had server that was working on
responding to a web hook, when I hit Replay,
that would just hit my server again, over and over,
until I'm happy with the actual response going back
out the door, at which point I tear down ngrok
and then release my entire thing, and I'm happy.
Absolutely superb tool, even just
the free offering is brilliant.
There is some, where is it, some information on,
there's some information on different parameters
you can use, the one thing I sometimes use is E.U.,
region E.U., just to change a region allows me to
have two running at the same time,
but absolutely superb tool, highly recommend it,
using it in part of your workflow.